Add few custom rules for the declarations (#31)
DevExpress/eslint-config-devextreme: README.md

    'import/no-extraneous-dependencies': ['error', { devDependencies: true }]
    ```

>   - Allow 'non-null-assertion' using for the declaration's ref objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow usage of 'non-null-assertion' for the declaration's ref objects:
```

    ```javascript
    'rulesdir/no-non-null-assertion': 'error'
    '@typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion': 'off'
    ```

>   - Disallow using of spread/rest operators in the JSX markup. Angular does't support them in templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disallow usage of spread/rest operators in the JSX markup. Angular does not support these operators in templates:
```
